# BFP-23: Hire tb3456

Proposed: January 30, 2022

Status: Passed

Link: [Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/beanstalkfarms.eth/proposal/0xa92645011d1f48a247980435d236cf06d72ca3a7cc706eaf1b981e1721520d9f)

---

- [Proposer](#proposer)
- [Proposal](#proposal)
- [Resume](#resume)
- [Role Definition](#role-definition)
- [Payment](#payment)
- [Commitment](#commitment)

## Proposer

Dumpling

## Proposal

Hire tb3456 as the part-time Marketing lead within the Community department.

## Resume

Tb3456 has 15+ years of experience in the digital marketing space. He has played senior executive, VP Marketing and CMO roles in organizations of various sizes. He currently runs his own advertising agency out of Silicon Valley. He is passionate about exposing Beanstalk to a new or a non-defi audience through traffic acquisition, engagement and conversion optimization. He is significantly invested into Beanstalk and thus has a vested interest in its long term success.

## Role Definition

Beanstalk is near completion of its full brand revamp. To kickstart Beanstalk’s Q1 major growth cycle and hit the overall goal of 1 billion beans market cap, the team needs a farmer who is an expert in the field of marketing/user growth. A major push for targeted, well-designed marketing campaigns will stimulate and boost Beanstalk Farms’ goal of organic growth.

The Marketing lead’s responsibilities will include:

- Work closely with the Community and Design department heads to discover, initiate, and execute new marketing campaigns for Beanstalk.
- Ensure new marketing campaigns/projects are aligned to Beanstalk’s overall branding and target audience.
- Optimize Beanstalk properties to become easily discoverable for new users via Search Engines (SEO).
- Create/produce content that drives new user growth depending on the state of Beanstalk (Content Marketing).
- Create a path to onboard non-defi or new-to-defi users to Beanstalk.
- Streamline Beanstalk’s conversion funnel to get new prospects into active farmers (Conversion Optimization).
- Work closely with Beanstalk’s in-house Design department to create the content above and if needed, find additional resources or talent to complete the marketing projects.
- Find and be the point of contact with external marketing/ad agencies to assist with Beanstalk’s growth, if needed.
- Lead and manage the necessary teams to execute the content above.

## Payment

3500 beans per month, paid twice per month, starting on January 23rd, 2022.

## Commitment

A minimum of 15 hours per week, through the end of Q1, 2022. At-will.